Aligned spec of multiKeyCombine to X-Wing (#178)
openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc: draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc.md

    seriesinfo:
      NIST IR 8413

>   SP800-56A:

Reviewer: Need to keep this too

Here `len(domSep)` is the single octet with the value equal to the octet-length of `domSep`, i.e., decimal 21.

> Note that this is in line with {{I-D.ietf-lamps-pq-composite-kem}} up to `mlkemCipherText || mlkemPublicKey || algId || domSep || len(domSep)` being the OpenPGP-specific context information.

Reviewer: Why removing this? This aligns us even further

Author: Yes, therefore I don't think that we have to mention this anymore, especially since we cite the scientific paper in the security considerations.

Reviewer: Good for me then, also not the biggest fan of keeping a reference to a WIP draft

## Key combiner {#sec-key-combiner}

> A central security notion of a key combiner is IND-CCA2-security. It is argued in [BCD+24] that the key combiner specified in {{kem-key-combiner}} is IND-CCA2-secure if ML-KEM is IND-CCA2-secure or the Strong Diffie-Hellman problem in a nominal group holds. Note that Curve25519 and Curve448 qualify as such nominal groups {{ABH+21}}.

Reviewer: This is still SP800-56C compatible, I would not remove this mention

```suggestion
For the key combination in {{kem-key-combiner}} this specification limits itself to the use of SHA3-256 in a construction following {{SP800-56C}}.
A central security notion of a key combiner is IND-CCA2-security. It is argued in [BCD+24] that the key combiner specified in {{kem-key-combiner}} is IND-CCA2-secure if ML-KEM is IND-CCA2-secure or the Strong Diffie-Hellman problem in a nominal group holds. Note that Curve25519 and Curve448 qualify as such nominal groups {{ABH+21}}.
```

> - Assign code points 35 and 36 for ML-KEM + ECDH algorithms.
> - Removed hash binding for ML-DSA + EdDSA and SLH-DSA algorithms.
> - Allow usage of ML-KEM-768 + X25519 with v4 keys
> - Aligned KEM combiner to X-Wing and switched to suffix-free encoding of the domain separator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assigned code points 35 and 36 for ML-KEM + ECDH algorithms.
- Removed hash binding for ML-DSA + EdDSA and SLH-DSA algorithms.
- Allowed usage of ML-KEM-768 + X25519 with v4 keys
- Aligned KEM combiner to X-Wing and switched to suffix-free encoding of the domain separator
```
